XTar V1.5b2
------------
XTar is a package for graphically viewing and manipulating files which have been
archived using tar (Tape ARchive), and possibly compressed with gzip or the
standard UNIX compress utility. XTar requires an ANSI C compiler and the Motif
toolkit to build. See http://www.stella-consulting.ltd.uk/xtar/ for more
information.

BETA RELEASE!!  This is a beta release of XTar for testing, please report any
bugs to xtar-bugs@stella-consulting.ltd.uk.

This distribution contains the following files and directories:

HISTORY		-	A line by line log of changes to XTar
Imakefile	-	System independent file for creating Makefiles
Makefile.noimake-	For users without imake
README		-	This file
VERSION		-	Contains current XTar version
XTar.ad		-	XTar app-defaults
XTar.tmpl	-	Template file for imake
Xbr/		-	X windows library of use(less)ful routines
common/		-	Miscellaneous library of routines
docs/           -       HTML help documents
xtar.doc	-	Man page in text format (help file)
xtar.man	-	Man page in nroff format
*.[ch]		-	Source files

Installing with imake
---------------------
If you have imake installed on your system, then you should not need to make
any changes. Just edit 'XTar.ad' and set the resource 'helpDoc' to where you
will install the help files. By default this is in $(LIBDIR)/docs. Then type,

xmkmf		 -	Create initial Makefile
make Makefiles	 -	Create Makefiles in common/ and Xbr/
make		 -	Builds xtar
make install	 -	Installs binary, help files and app-defaults
make install.man -	Installs man page

Installing without imake
------------------------
Makefiles have been provided for those without imake. Firstly,
you must edit 'Makefile.noimake' and set the installation parameters at the
top of the file. Next, you must look for your systems architecture and
uncomment the relevant lines [and comment out the lines for the other
architectures]. It is more than likely that the incorrect default parameters
have been set, as this Makefile is untested on some systems - so let me have
the feedback on what they should be!

Now edit XTar.ad and set the helpDoc resource to be $(LIBDIR)/docs.  Then
type,

make -f Makefile.noimake		-	Builds the system
make -f Makefile.noimake install	-	Install binary and other files

XTar announcements mailing list
-------------------------------
If you would like to be kept up to date with the latest changes to XTar
then please send a message with the subject 'subscribe' and message body
containing just the text 'subscribe', to xtar-request@stella-consulting.ltd.uk.
This is a low volume mailing list, for announcements only.

Notes
-----
o You configure which viewers are spawned by setting the 'mappings' resource.
  This allows you to launch 'xv' for viewing images and 'ghostview' for
  viewing PostScript documents for example. See the app-defaults file, XTar.ad,
  for an example of how it works.

o The XTar home page is at:
    http://www.stella-consulting.ltd.uk/xtar/

o Also check out WWWTar, a similar application for viewing tar files across
  the web. For more information see:
    http://www.stella-consulting.ltd.uk/wwwtar/

Rik Turnbull.
rik@stella-consulting.ltd.uk.
